# Privacy Policy

Last updated: May 06, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

# Interpretation and Definitions

## Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __Account__ means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

- __Application__ means the software program provided by the ERC EXPO Project (PI Magdalena Wojcieszak) downloaded by You on any electronic device, named ResearchTube

- __Company__ (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to ERC EXPO Project.

- __Country__ refers to: California,  United States

- __Device__ means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

- __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- __Service__ refers to the Application.

- __Service Provider__ means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.


# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

## Types of Data Collected

### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We will not ask You to provide Us with any  personally identifiable information.


### Usage Data

Usage Data are collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on YouTube videos, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

- __For other purposes__: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service and your experience. 

We will only share datasets that have been processed for scientific research with third scientist and researchers. That is, the data will be stripped of any identifiers (including unique respondent ID), and aggregated to the level that no re-identification of any individual respondent will not be possible.

## Retention of Your Personal Data

The Project ERC EXPO will retain Your Data only for up to five years after the last publication from the project. The data will be stored at the secured SurfSara infrastructure.

In order to strike the right balance between data protection law’s demand of deleting the data once they are no longer needed, and ethical research requirements to keep that data for verification, the retention period will be five years after the last research article has been published. At that point, all the files will be deleted.

## Transfer of Your Personal Data

We collect and use personal data for scientific purposes only, and in accordance with the national and European law (including GDPR). Your information, including Personal Data, is stored safely at Surf Sara, the Dutch research computing infrastructure provider with extensive experience with storing and securing data from many privacy sensitive projects (https://www.surf.nl/en/about-surf/subsidiaries/surfsara). Your information will also be stored at the server of the network of the University of Amsterdam, a state-of-the-art network in terms of data protection. It is important to emphasize that the stored data are accessible only from within the University, through the university network, or from home through an advanced protected Virtual Private Network (VPN). On top of the secure infrastructure, we will use encryption technology every time data are stored or transferred. Your data will not be transferred to other countries with a lower level of data protection. Given the strict requirements about data security in the European data protection law, it is essential that the data be stored and processed in an EU member state. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps necessary to ensure that Your data are treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.



### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Project ERC EXPO may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency). This situation is highly unlikely, however. 

### Other legal requirements

The Project ERC EXPO may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability

## Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Data protection law requires keeping User data safe and secure. Ensuring data security will be maximized by storing the raw data collected via the Service in the Dutch national research computing infrastructure provider, Surf Sara. Surf Sara provides data storage and processing services to several other privacy sensitive research projects, such as health and genomics research, and – as such - has the necessary expertise and security standards (https://www.surf.nl/en/about-surf/subsidiaries/surfsara). The employees of Surf Sara do not have access to the data. On top of the secure infrastructure, we will use encryption technology every time data are stored or transferred.

We will not grant access to the unprocessed personal data. We will only share data-sets that have been processed for scientific research with third scientist and researchers. That is, the data will be stripped of any identifiers (including unique respondent ID), and aggregated to the level that no re-identification of any individual respondent will not be possible.



# Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone. 


# Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

# Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

# Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:


- By email: mwojcieszak@ucdavis.edu
